type=weaksubj len=1 word1=abandoned pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=abandonment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=abandon pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=abrupt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=accountable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=acerbate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=acerbic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=acerbically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=achievable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=achieve pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=achievement pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=achievements pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=adorable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=adore pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=adored pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=adorer pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=adorer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=adoring pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=adoringly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=allow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=allowable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ambitious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ambitious pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ambitiously pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=amuse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=amusement pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=amusement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=amusing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=amusing pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=amusingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=angel pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=angelic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=antagonist pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=antagonistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anti-occupation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anti-occupation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=antipathy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=assertions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=assertions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=assertive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=audacity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=auspicious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=awful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=awful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=awfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=awfulness pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=awfulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=awkward pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=awkwardness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=bask pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=believable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=believe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=beloved pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=beneficial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=beneficent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=beneficial pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=beneficially pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=berate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bereft pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=berserk pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=better-known pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bias pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bias pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bias pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=biased pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=biased pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=biases pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=biases pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bizarre pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blister pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blistering pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=blood pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=blood pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=blur pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bogus pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bombastic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brat pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=breach pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=breach pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=breathlessness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=breathlessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=bright pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=brighten pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=brightness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=brittle pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brutalising pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brutalising pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=butchery pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=castigate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=casualty pos1=noun stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=certain pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=certainly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=chaff pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cheerless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=coerce pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=commonsense pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=commonsensible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=commonsensibly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=commonsensical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=commotion pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=commotion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=confide pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=confidence pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=confidence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=confident pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=consistent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=consternation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=continuity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=continuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=contradictory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=conviction pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=conviction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=correct pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=correct pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=corrective pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=correctly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=coupists pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=coupists pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=covenant pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=covert pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cranky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cry pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cumbersome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=curt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=cut pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dare pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=daring pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=daringly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dawn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=daze pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dazed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deadbeat pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=decrement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deduce pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deeply pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=defiant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=defiantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=defile pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=defiler pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=degradation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=degrade pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=degrading pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=degradingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dehumanization pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dehumanize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deject pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dejected pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dejectedly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dejection pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deprecate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=desirable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=desire pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=desire pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=desire pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=desirous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=deterrent pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=devil pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=devilish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=devilishly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=devilment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dexterity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dexterous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dexterously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dilly-dally pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=direct pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disappoint pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disappointed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disappointing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disappointingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disappointment pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disappointment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=discomfort pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disgrace pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disgrace pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disgraced pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disgraceful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disgracefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disquiet pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disquieting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disquietingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disreputable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disrepute pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disrupt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disruption pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disruption pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disruptive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=distaste pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=distasteful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=distastefully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=distinct pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=distinction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=distinctive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=distinctive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=distinctive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=distinctly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disturb pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disturbed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disturbing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disturbingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=doddering pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=downgrade pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dragon pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dragons pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dragons pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dullard pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ecstatic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ecstatically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=effectual pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=effigy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=effusion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=effusive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=effusively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=effusiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ego pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ego pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=egotistical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=egotistically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=elaborate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=eligible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=embarrass pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=embarrassing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=embarrassingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=embarrassment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=eminence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=eminent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=empathize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=enchant pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=enchanted pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=enchanting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=enchantingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=engulf pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=enhance pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=enhanced pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=enhancement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ennoble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=erode pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=erudite pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=evaluate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=evaluation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=evaluation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=everlasting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=evident pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=evidently pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=expedient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=expediencies pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=expediencies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=explosive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=exterminate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=extermination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=eyebrows pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=eyebrows pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=facetious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=facetiously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=factual pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fail pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=failing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=failure pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=failure pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=failures pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=failures pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fanatic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fanatical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fanatically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fanatics pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fearless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fearlessly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=feat pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=featly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=feebleminded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fit pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fitting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fixer pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fixer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=flaky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=flounder pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=floundering pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=foolhardy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=foremost pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frantic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frantically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=franticly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frenetic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frenetically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frenzied pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frenzy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=frigid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fumble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gaudy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=gem pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=gem pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=gems pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=gems pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=genius pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ghastly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ghetto pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gifted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gleefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gloss pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=goddamn pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=goof pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=goof pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grateful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grateful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gratefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=groove pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=haphazard pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hardhearted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=harmonize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=headache pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=headaches pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=headaches pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=heart pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hectic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hegemony pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hegemony pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hegemony pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=highlight pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=highlight pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hinder pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hoard pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=honesty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=honesty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=honeymoon pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=honor pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=honor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=honor pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=honorable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hospitable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hothouse pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hothouse pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hunger pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hysteria pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=idiot pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=idiotic pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=idiotically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=idiots pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ignominious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ignominiously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ignominy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ill-mannered pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=illegal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=illegally pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=illuminate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=illuminating pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=illumine pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=immediate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=immediately pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impair pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impaired pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=impermissible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=impoverish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=impoverished pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=improving pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=improve pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=improved pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=improvement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inability pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inappropriate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inappropriately pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inarguable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inarguably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incapable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incapably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incisive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incisively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incisiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inclusive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inconclusive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconsequent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconsequently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconsiderate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconsiderately pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconsistence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconsistencies pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconsistencies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inconsistency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inconsistent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indecision pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indecisive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indecisively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indefensible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indefensible pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=indeterminable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=indeterminably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=indeterminate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=indirect pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=indiscernible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indulge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indulgence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indulgent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ineffectual pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ineffectually pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ineffectualness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inescapable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inescapably pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inessential pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inexperience pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=infer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inference pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inference pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=influence pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=influence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ingrate pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inoffensive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=instructive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=insufficiency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=insufficient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=insufficiently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=intelligent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=intelligence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=intelligible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=intimacy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=intimacy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irresponsible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irresponsibly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=jaundiced pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=jeopardize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=jest pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=joke pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=joke pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=jovial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=joyous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=joyously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=keen pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=keen pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=keen pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=keenly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=keenness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=keenness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=knock pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=knock pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=kooky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lackluster pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=languor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=languorous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=languorously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=laud pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lawbreaker pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lawbreaking pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lax pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lax pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=leery pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=legitimacy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=lesser pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=lethargic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=licentious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=licentiously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=licentiousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=likelihood pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=likelihood pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=listless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=live pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lively pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=livid pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lividly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lofty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=logical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=lucrative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=lucrative pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=lull pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mad pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=madly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=madness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=magic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=magical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=magnanimous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=magnanimously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=magnetic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=magnify pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=maniac pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=maniacal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mawkish pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mawkishly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mawkishness pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mean pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=mean pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=meanness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=meek pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mellow pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=melodramatic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=melodramatically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=memorialize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=memories pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=memories pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=merit pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=merit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=merriment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=mind pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mindful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=minor pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=miraculous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=miraculously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=miraculousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=moreover pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=multi-polarization pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=multi-polarization pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=myth pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=myth pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=nascent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=necessary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=neutralize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nightmarish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nightmarishly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=nonexistent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=normal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obsess pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obsession pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obsessions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obsessive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obsessively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obsessiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obviate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=offend pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=offend pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=offending pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oppress pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oppression pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oppression pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oppressive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oppressively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oppressiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=optimistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=opulent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=outdated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=outmoded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=outsider pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=outspoken pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=outspoken pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=outstrip pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=outwit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overact pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overact pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overacted pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overemphasize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=overreach pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pain pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pain pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=pain pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=painful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=painfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pains pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pains pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=palliate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=paralize pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=partisan pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=partisan pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=partisans pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=partisans pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=penetrating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=persecute pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=persecution pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=persecution pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pertinacious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pertinaciously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pertinacity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=pertinent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=perturb pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=perturbed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=perverse pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=perversely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=perversion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=perversity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=petty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=phobia pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=picky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pillory pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=placate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=plush pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=polite pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=politeness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=posh pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=potent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=prattle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=preach pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=preaching pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=preaching pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=precedent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=precious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=precious pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=precious pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=precipitate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=precipitous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=preoccupy pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=primarily pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=primary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=prime pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=privilege pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=privileged pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=prize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=proclaim pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=prospect pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=prospect pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=prospects pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=prospects pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=punitive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=punitive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=quarrel pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=quarrel pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=quarrel pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=quarrellous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=quarrellously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=quarrels pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=quiet pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=radiant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rapture pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rapture pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=raptureous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=raptureously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rapturous pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rapturously pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=react pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=reactionary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=recognition pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=recognition pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=recourses pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=recourses pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rectify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rectifying pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rectifying pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=relapse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=relax pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=relaxed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=relevant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=relevance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=remark pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=remark pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=remarkable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=remarkable pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=remarkably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=resigned pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=resistance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=resistance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=resistant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=resistant pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=revitalize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=revolt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=revolting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=revoltingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=revulsion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=revulsive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rile pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=riled pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=risky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ruffle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rumours pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rumours pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sanguine pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sarcasm pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=satisfactorily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scarier pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scarily pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=scenic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=second-class pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=second-tier pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sentiment pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sentiment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sentimentality pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sentimentally pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sentiments pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=shadowy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=shaky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sham pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shame pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shame pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shameful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shameful pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shamefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shamefully pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shamefulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=shred pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=shred pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shrill pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shrill pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shroud pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shrouded pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=siege pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=simple pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sinister pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sinisterly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=slime pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=smitten pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=snare pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=soliloquize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=soothe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=soothingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sorrow pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sorrow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sorrowful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sorrowfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sound pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sounding pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=soundness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sovereignty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sovereignty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=spare pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sparing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sparingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spellbind pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spellbinding pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spellbindingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stalemate pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stances pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stances pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=steadfast pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=steadfastly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=steadfastness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stigma pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stigma pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stink pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stink pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stinking pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stormy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=strange pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=strange pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=strangely pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=strangle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=strife pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=strike pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=striking pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=strikingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=striving pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=striving pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=strong pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stubborn pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stubbornly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stubbornness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=subdued pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=subservience pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=subservient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=suffocate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sugar-coated pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=suitable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=superficial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=superficial pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=superficiality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=superficially pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=surmise pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=surmount pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=survival pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=survive pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=swing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=swing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sworn pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=symptom pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tact pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tantamount pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=taunt pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=taunt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=taunting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tauntingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=taunts pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tease pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=teasingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tempest pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tenacity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tentative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tentatively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=threaten pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=threatening pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=threatening pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=thrill pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=thrill pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=thrilling pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=thrillingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=thrills pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=thrive pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=thriving pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=timely pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tragedy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tragedy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=triumph pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=triumph pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=triumphant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=triumphant pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=triumphantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=trust pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=trust pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=trust pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=trusting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=trustingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tyranny pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ultra pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ultra-hardline pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ultra-hardline pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=uncivil pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=uncivilized pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=uncivilized pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unconstitutional pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unforeseen pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unfortunate pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unfortunately pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unhappily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=universal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unlamentable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unlamentably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unlawful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unlawfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unlawfulness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unlawfulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unlimited pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unrelenting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unrelenting pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unrelentingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unseemly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unsound pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=untenable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=upheld pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=urge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=urgency pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=urgency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=valor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vilify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=vintage pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vivacious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vouch pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=wedge pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=wedge pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=welcome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=welcome pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=welcome pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=welcome pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=welfare pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=welfare pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=well-connected pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=well-established pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=whimper pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=whips pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=whips pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=winners pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=winners pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=woefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=workable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=worrier pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=youthful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=zenith pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
